Faculty Hiring Networks:

"Systematic inequality and hierarchy in faculty hiring networks." Science Advances

relabels = {"Asst-M": 0, "Asst-F": 1, "Assoc-M": 2, "Assoc-F": 3, "Full-M": 4, "Full-F": 5}

Directed and includes multi-edges.


Jazz:

P. Gleiser and L. Danon, "Community Structure in Jazz." Advances in Complex Systems

Undirected


CA Coauthorship:

J. Leskovec, J. Kleinberg and C. Faloutsos. Graph Evolution: Densification and Shrinking Diameters. ACM Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data

Collaboration network of Arxiv General Relativity category (there is an edge if authors coauthored at least one paper)

Undirected


Roget's Thesaurus Concepts Network:

D.E. Knuth, "The Stanford GraphBase: A Platform for Combinatorial Computing."

Directed


Linux and MySQL CallGraphs:

C.R. Myers, "Software systems as complex networks: Structure, function, and evolvability of software collaboration graphs."

Directed


(Top?) 500 US Airports in 2002:

Colizza, V., Pastor-Satorras, R., Vespignani, A., 2007. Reaction-diffusion processes and metapopulation models in heterogeneous networks. Nature Physics 3, 276-282.

The flight weight amounts had the log2 taken in one version.

Directed -- often has bidirected edges


US Airports in 2010:

SOURCE UNKNOWN

The flight weight amounts had the log2 taken in one version.

Directed -- often has bidirected edges



Roman Roads:
Directed road network of the city of Rome (1999)
Edge costs are physical distances in meters
Contributed by: 
    Gianni Storchi, Univ. Rome "La Sapienza"
    Paolo Dell'Olmo, Univ. Rome "La Sapienza"
    Monica Gentili, Univ. Salerno

The "partitioned" version divides the distances by 50.


Collins Yeast Interactome:

Toward a comprehensive atlas of the physical interactome of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.

Either Undirected (likely) or has zero bidirected edges


CCSB_Y2H_PPI_Network:

"High-Quality Binary Protein Interaction Map of the Yeast Interactome Network" Yu et al Science 2008.

Either Undirected (likely) or has zero bidirected edges


Mixed Species Brain Graph

Uh..... the species that is first on the list of wherever I got this network.